README.md, before:

## Project Info
This project is a part of <b>Remote Kitchen Technical Assessment - Flutter</b>

# Assignment 3: Fetching Data from a REST API
Objective: Fetch and display data from a REST API.
Tasks:
1. Used [JSONPlaceholder/posts](https://jsonplaceholder.typicode.com/posts) as public API
2. Created a new screen (post) in the app that fetches a list of posts from the API.
3. Displayed the fetched data in a ListView.
4. Used GetX for state management of the data fetching process.


## Screenshots

![App Screenshot](https://i.ibb.co/Yt4NJ7c/rest1.png)
![App Screenshot](https://i.ibb.co/CtT7FgG/rest2.png)

# Assignment 2: State Management with GetX
Objective: Enhance the Flutter app with state management using GetX.
Tasks:
1. Integrated GetX into the existing Flutter project.
2. Created a counter app where pressing a button increases a counter.
3. Used GetX to manage the state of the counter and update the UI accordingly.

## Screenshots

![App Screenshot](https://i.ibb.co/VH7rjmt/counter-navigation.png)
![App Screenshot](https://i.ibb.co/H70s83V/counter-0.png)
![App Screenshot](https://i.ibb.co/rGw9P7v/counter-1.png)



## Assignment 1: Basic Flutter App with Dart
Objective: Create a basic Flutter app with a simple UI
Tasks:
1. Created a new Flutter project.
2. Created a home screen with a title and a button.
3. When the button is pressed, it navigates to a new screen that displays a message.
4. Implemented basic Dart classes and functions to handle navigation logic.

## Screenshots

![App Screenshot](https://i.ibb.co/3cnVKPC/home-screen.png)
![App Screenshot](https://i.ibb.co/jfJD7WW/new-screen.png)

Commit message:

[Assignment 4] - Offline Capabilities with Local Storage

README.md, after:

## Project Info
This project is a part of <b>Remote Kitchen Technical Assessment - Flutter</b>

# Assignment 4: Offline Capabilities with Local Storage
Objective: Implement offline capabilities using local storage in the Flutter app.
Tasks:
1. Created a screen that fetches data from the REST API [JSONPlaceholder/users](https://jsonplaceholder.typicode.com/users) and displays it.
2. Implemented functionality to cache the fetched data locally using <b>Hive</b>, local database.
3. Ensured the app can display the cached data when offline.
4. Used GetX to manage the state of the data and offline capabilities.

### Navigation
![App Screenshot](https://i.ibb.co/Jqw1QnZ/hive-3.png)
### Online - fetching from API
![App Screenshot](https://i.ibb.co/wrpy9kL/hive-1.png)
### Offline - fetching from Hive
![App Screenshot](https://i.ibb.co/J59dM1J/hive-2.png)

# Assignment 3: Fetching Data from a REST API
Objective: Fetch and display data from a REST API.
Tasks:
1. Used [JSONPlaceholder/posts](https://jsonplaceholder.typicode.com/posts) as public API
2. Created a new screen (post) in the app that fetches a list of posts from the API.
3. Displayed the fetched data in a ListView.
4. Used GetX for state management of the data fetching process.


## Screenshots

![App Screenshot](https://i.ibb.co/Yt4NJ7c/rest1.png)
![App Screenshot](https://i.ibb.co/CtT7FgG/rest2.png)

# Assignment 2: State Management with GetX
Objective: Enhance the Flutter app with state management using GetX.
Tasks:
1. Integrated GetX into the existing Flutter project.
2. Created a counter app where pressing a button increases a counter.
3. Used GetX to manage the state of the counter and update the UI accordingly.

## Screenshots

![App Screenshot](https://i.ibb.co/VH7rjmt/counter-navigation.png)
![App Screenshot](https://i.ibb.co/H70s83V/counter-0.png)
![App Screenshot](https://i.ibb.co/rGw9P7v/counter-1.png)



## Assignment 1: Basic Flutter App with Dart
Objective: Create a basic Flutter app with a simple UI
Tasks:
1. Created a new Flutter project.
2. Created a home screen with a title and a button.
3. When the button is pressed, it navigates to a new screen that displays a message.
4. Implemented basic Dart classes and functions to handle navigation logic.

## Screenshots

![App Screenshot](https://i.ibb.co/3cnVKPC/home-screen.png)
![App Screenshot](https://i.ibb.co/jfJD7WW/new-screen.png)
